Add Sidre list format to sphinx documentation (#992)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/sidre/docs/sphinx/group.rst

   view data; i.e., it is shared by the original and the new view in the
   destination group.

----------------------------
List Format
----------------------------

The list format is an alternate way for a group to hold its child groups and

> view. In this format, any number of child group or view items can be created to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
views. In this format, any number of child group or view items can be created to
```

> view. In this format, any number of child group or view items can be created to
> be held and accessed like a list, using iterators that iterate in the order
> that they were added to the parent group. Child groups and views held in the
> list format cannot be accessed by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
views. In list format, any number of child group or view items can be created.
Each can be accessed, in order of creation, using an iterator over groups or
over views. Child groups and views held in list format cannot be accessed by
name.
```

To create a group that uses the list format, the optional argument ``is_list``
must be set to ``true`` in the call to ``createGroup``.

  .. code-block:: C++

     // list_group will hold its child items in the list format.
     Group* list_group = group->createGroup("my_list", true);

It is recommended but not required that the items held in the list format
be created without names. String names may be assigned to these items,
but the names will not be useful for accessing them from their parent
group, and none of the methods that access child items by name or path will
return a valid pointer. The method ``createUnnamedGroup`` is available to
create an unnamed child group, while unnammed views can be created by passing
an empty string to any of the several ``createView`` methods in the ``Group``
class.

  .. code-block:: C++
          
     Group* g0 = list_group->createUnnamedGroup();
     Group* g1 = list_group->createUnnamedGroup();
     Group* g2 = list_group->createUnnamedGroup();
     View* v0 = list_group->createView("");
     View* v1 = list_group->createViewScalar("", 1.0);
     View* v2 = list_group->createViewString("", "foo");

>      View* v3 = list_group->createViewg("", type, num_elems, buffer);

Reviewer 2: `createViewg(...)`

I think there's a type in this line. Please fix.

While it is allowed to pass a non-empty string to be the name of a child

> item held in the list format, a string with path syntax, (such as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
item held in the list format, a string with path syntax such as
```

> ``"foo/bar/baz"``) will be considered invalid, and the object creation methods

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``"foo/bar/baz"`` will be considered invalid, and the object creation methods
```

> will return a null pointer if such a string is provided.

Reviewer 3: Here it is "null pointer" and below (line 275) it is "nullptr". They should be consistent.
